This file describes how to get started with Spacewar.

I. PREREQUISITES

In order to compile and run Spacewar, in addition to the code in this package, 
you will need Java 1.5 or greater.  This is the only true requirement that you
have to satisfy; any other needed software is included with this distribution.

It is strongly recommended that you also have Ant.  If you aren't familiar with
Ant, it is a software package designed to automate the process of building and
running Java projects.  Spacewar uses Ant to provide a set of common build
tasks.  While it is true that you don't need Ant to run the software, it is
also true that you will need Ant if you want my help with any build-related
problems you may encounter.  The remainder of this document also assumes that
you are using Ant.  You can find more information about Ant, including
installation instructions, at http://ant.apache.org/.

It is also recommended that you use Eclipse.  It comes with support for Ant, so
you won't have to set up Ant separately.  Of course, that isn't the only
advantage of Eclipse: you also get syntax highlighting, code navigation,
automatic formatting, on-the-fly compilation error and warning detection, and a
fairly nice debugger.  If you aren't currently using it or another similarly
featured IDE for your Java development, and you aren't an emacs/vi wizard, it
is strongly recommended that you take this opportunity to learn Eclipse.  For
more information, see http://www.eclipse.org/, though be warned that this is
one of the more painful-to-use places on the internet.


II.  HELLO, SPACEWAR

The easiest way to get started with Spacewar is to cd into the top level of the
distribution folder (where this README is located) and invoke the "hello" Ant
target. 

> ant hello

If everything is working correctly, you should see some compilation messages
scroll by, followed by a GUI window popping up with a basic Spacewar scenario
ready to go.  You should be able to control the ship on the screen using the
arrow keys to navigate and the space bar to shoot.  You should also see log
messages occasionally printed out to the console, for instance, when your ship
contacts one of the small green circles (called 'beacons' in
Spacewar-speak). 

TODO: More to come!


